README.md, before:

# Coriolis UI

### Install instructions
- [node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/) >=6.x and [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/) are required
- clone repo
- run `yarn install` or `yarn install --production` to install packages and dependencies for development or production mode
- change the `coriolisUrl` variable in ./src/config.js to match the Coriolis Server path


### Build instructions
- run `yarn build`
- run `node server.js` to start the server

Your server will be running at http://localhost:3000/



#### Development mode
- run `yarn start` to start local development server

Your development server will be running at http://localhost:3000/

This should be used only for development, as it contains live-reload and other development tools.

You can view some of the UIs components in the [Storybook](https://github.com/storybooks/storybook) by running `yarn storybook`

### Apache Configuration

#### Apache modules
- enable apache modules: `sudo a2enmod headers`, `sudo a2enmod rewrite`, `sudo a2enmod proxy`, `sudo a2enmod proxy_http`
- restart apache service: `service apache2 restart`

#### Apache CORS config
- add this configuration to .htaccess or apache site configuration

```
Header always set Access-Control-Allow-Origin "*"
Header always set Access-Control-Allow-Methods "POST, GET, OPTIONS, DELETE, PUT"
Header always set Access-Control-Max-Age "1000"
Header always set Access-Control-Allow-Headers "x-requested-with, X-Auth-Token, X-Subject-Token, Content-Type, origin, authorization, accept, client-security-token"
Header always set Access-Control-Allow-Credentials "true"
Header add Access-Control-Expose-Headers "X-Subject-Token"
# Added a rewrite to respond with a 200 SUCCESS on every OPTIONS request.
RewriteEngine On
RewriteCond %{REQUEST_METHOD} OPTIONS
RewriteRule ^(.*)$ $1 [R=200,L]

# Proxy matches paths to appropiate services
ProxyPassMatch ^/identity/(.*)$ http://127.0.0.1:5000/v3/$1
ProxyPassMatch ^/barbican/(.*)$ http://127.0.0.1:9311/$1
ProxyPassMatch ^/coriolis/(.*)$ http://127.0.0.1:7667/v1/$1
ProxyPassMatch ^/((?!identity|coriolis|barbican).*)$ http://127.0.0.1:3000/$1
```

Commit message:

Add e2e integration tests using Cypress
Updated README.md with basic instructions on how to run Cypress tests
(a special config file with credentials is required).

The following e2e tests are currently available:

- Creating Openstack, VmWare and Azure endpoints.
- Using the created endpoints to execute a replica and a migration.
- Canceling replica and migration.
- Forbiding the deletion of endpoints used in replicas or migrations.
- Deleting replica and migration.
- Deleting the created endpoints.
- Performing scheduler operations.

README.md, after:

# Coriolis UI

### Install instructions
- [node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/) >=6.x and [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/) are required
- clone repo
- run `yarn install` or `yarn install --production` to install packages and dependencies for development or production mode
- change the `coriolisUrl` variable in ./src/config.js to match the Coriolis Server path


### Build instructions
- run `yarn build`
- run `node server.js` to start the server

Your server will be running at http://localhost:3000/

### Testing

- unit tests can be run using `yarn test`
- e2e integration tests can be run using `yarn cypress`. First though, you have to create the `private/cypress/config.js` file using `private/cypress/config.template.js` as a template and then run `yarn build` and `node server`.

#### Development mode
- run `yarn start` to start local development server

Your development server will be running at http://localhost:3000/

This should be used only for development, as it contains live-reload and other development tools.

You can view some of the UIs components in the [Storybook](https://github.com/storybooks/storybook) by running `yarn storybook`

### Apache Configuration

#### Apache modules
- enable apache modules: `sudo a2enmod headers`, `sudo a2enmod rewrite`, `sudo a2enmod proxy`, `sudo a2enmod proxy_http`
- restart apache service: `service apache2 restart`

#### Apache CORS config
- add this configuration to .htaccess or apache site configuration

```
Header always set Access-Control-Allow-Origin "*"
Header always set Access-Control-Allow-Methods "POST, GET, OPTIONS, DELETE, PUT"
Header always set Access-Control-Max-Age "1000"
Header always set Access-Control-Allow-Headers "x-requested-with, X-Auth-Token, X-Subject-Token, Content-Type, origin, authorization, accept, client-security-token"
Header always set Access-Control-Allow-Credentials "true"
Header add Access-Control-Expose-Headers "X-Subject-Token"
# Added a rewrite to respond with a 200 SUCCESS on every OPTIONS request.
RewriteEngine On
RewriteCond %{REQUEST_METHOD} OPTIONS
RewriteRule ^(.*)$ $1 [R=200,L]

# Proxy matches paths to appropiate services
ProxyPassMatch ^/identity/(.*)$ http://127.0.0.1:5000/v3/$1
ProxyPassMatch ^/barbican/(.*)$ http://127.0.0.1:9311/$1
ProxyPassMatch ^/coriolis/(.*)$ http://127.0.0.1:7667/v1/$1
ProxyPassMatch ^/((?!identity|coriolis|barbican).*)$ http://127.0.0.1:3000/$1
```
